alright so i want you to see you because
we all know that I like to take my time
with doing my makeup and I don't really
mind how long it takes some people don't
want to wake up and you know have to run
into work and when I take all that time
for their makeup so I want to do a very
quick makeup session tutorial video and
I'm only going to use a couple of colors
this is a very quick look and um easy to
do so i'm going to go ahead and tell you
the first color I'm going to use a
shroom you can substitute with any kind
of just whitish beige tan like pink um
I'm just using a light color and I'm
going to use my 252 brush and I'm going
to apply all over my lid including as my
highlight
alright so now we've got that and I'm
going to take a fluffy brush and I'm
going to use my 224 this is for blending
and it's very light and feathery and i
love it and i'm going to use this and
dip it into some stable stable is a
brownish color and it's a frost it's
very pretty and and it looks like this
and i'm just using this as a contrast to
what I've already put on now I'm going
to use my fluffy brush just dip it in
and once I've got my color on there I'm
just going to ply on the outer corners
of my eyes towards the inside in a
little bit up but this is just for a
little bit of contrast for the shroom
I'm not trying to make this a huge color
and my look this is just for quick
makeup so let's go
so as you didn't see I just applied into
my crease and in outer corners and I'm
just going to blend this in that's why I
wanted to apply with it so it's very
quick not a lot of work involved there
and you come to the difference right
here I'm just adding a little bit of
depth with the one with the darker color
so let's do the same thing to the other
side
and once again I'm just blending that
into my eye
just going to even it out a little bit
all right and next I'm just going to do
some eyeliner I'm going to use a brown
it's called Teddy made by Mac I'm going
to line my top lash line very quickly
and I'm just going to put a little bit
on the bottom as well on the bottom lash
line that is all right so I applied to
the bottom lash line and now I'm going
to add my mascara I'm using bad gal lash
by benefit it's a new mascara that I
bought I like it okay but the brush is
absolutely humongous and it's hard to I
don't know it just makes it kind of
difficult
but it does the job it's um very good
for not clumping which I like
the brush is just so big it makes it
kind of hard to control you have to
really be aware where you're putting it
and some of you it won't take you this
long to put mascara on I just like to
take my time like I said so
put a little bit on the bottom and
lastly for the eyes I'm going to use a
little bit of fascinating on my bottom
waterline open my eye up a little bit
and the last step in this would just be
to add some carmex and run out the door
and that took me eight minutes not too
bad um I hope you guys enjoyed um learn
something hopefully this is something
that you can do it's great for someone
who doesn't wear a lot of makeup or
doesn't wear makeup very often it's very
simple not a lot of things needed and
yeah so thanks for watching